docs(eslint-plugin): [consistent-type-definitions] add FAQs (#10731)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/consistent-type-definitions.mdx

There are very few differences between interfaces and object types in TypeScript.
Other than type aliases being used to represent union types, it is rare that you will need to choose one over the other.

| Feature               | Interfaces | Object Types | Explanation                                                                                            |
| --------------------- | ---------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Object shapes         | ✅         | ✅           | Both can be used to represent general object shapes.                                                   |
| General performance   | ✅         | ✅           | Both are optimized for performance in TypeScript's type checker.                                       |
| Edge case performance | ✅         |              | Large, complex logical types can be optimized better with interfaces by TypeScript's type checker.     |
| Traditional semantics | ✅         |              | Interfaces are typically the default in much -though not all- of the TypeScript community.             |

> | Non-object shapes     |            | ✅           | Object types may describe literals, primitives, unions, and intersections.                             |

Author: lol I'm going to go ahead and pretend this doesn't exist...

If someone wants to nitpick us, we can always protest that those descriptions are for the built-in classes, which the primitives intrinsically inherit from.

| Logical types         |            | ✅           | Object types may include conditional and mapped types.                                                 |

> | Merging               | Allowed    | Not allowed  | Interfaces of the same name are treated as one interface ("merged"); type aliases may not share names. |

Reviewer: Why not use the ✅s for this too?

```suggestion
| Allows declaration merging               | ✅    |   | Interfaces of the same name are treated as one interface ("merged"); type aliases may not share names. |
```

Author: Because both "allow merges" and "don't allow merges" are arguably features. Most of the time I personally would prefer the latter.

We recommend choosing one definition style, using it when possible, and falling back to the other style when needed.
The benefits of remaining consistent within a codebase almost always outweigh the benefits of either definition style.

### When do the performance differences between `interface` and `type` matter?

Almost never.
Most TypeScript projects do not -and should not- utilize types that exercise the performance differences between the two kinds of definitions.

> If you are having problems with type checking performance, see the [TypeScript Wiki's Performance page](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Performance).

Reviewer: This is an incredibly useful page that I have never seen before 👌

### Why is the default `interface`?

Interfaces are the prevailing, most common style in the TypeScript.
`interface` has traditionally been TypeScript's intended ("semantic") way to convey _"an object with these fields"_.

We generally recommend staying with the default, `'interface'`, to be stylistically consistent with the majority of TypeScript projects.
If you strongly prefer `'type'`, that's fine too.

## When Not To Use It

If you specifically want to manually choose whether to use an interface or type literal for stylistic reasons each time you define a type, you can avoid this rule.

However, keep in mind that inconsistent style can harm readability in a project.
We recommend picking a single option for this rule that works best for your project.

> There are also subtle differences between `Record` and `interface` that can be difficult to catch statically.

Reviewer: Not directly related, but, while we're touching this page, what does `Record` have to do with anything?

For example, if your project is a dependency of another project that relies on a specific type definition style, this rule may be counterproductive.
You might consider using [ESLint disable comments](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/rules#using-configuration-comments-1) for those specific situations instead of completely disabling this rule.

## Further Reading

> - [TypeScript Handbook > Everyday Types > Differences between type aliases and interfaces](Differences Between Type Aliases and Interfaces)

Reviewer: this is not a link to anything

![screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d93acf29-d4da-4f5b-a0b9-12936b6d5b3a)

If you are having problems with type checking performance, see the [TypeScript Wiki's Performance page](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Performance).

### Why is the default `interface`?

Interfaces are the prevailing, most common style in the TypeScript.
`interface` has traditionally been TypeScript's intended ("semantic") way to convey _"an object with these fields"_.

We generally recommend staying with the default, `'interface'`, to be stylistically consistent with the majority of TypeScript projects.
If you strongly prefer `'type'`, that's fine too.

## When Not To Use It

If you specifically want to manually choose whether to use an interface or type literal for stylistic reasons each time you define a type, you can avoid this rule.

However, keep in mind that inconsistent style can harm readability in a project.
We recommend picking a single option for this rule that works best for your project.

There are also subtle differences between object types and `interface` that can be difficult to catch statically.
For example:

- If your project is a dependency of another project that relies on a specific type definition style

> - `Record<string, ...>` and `{ [i: string]: ... }` have subtle behavior differences

Reviewer: (coming from https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/pull/10731#discussion_r1933000822) Maybe this is just me not understanding, but I still don't understand how mentioning Records and index signatures fits into the flow of this document at all lol 🙃. 

There is no prior mention of `Record` anywhere on the page, and so it's not clear to me at all as a reader how the `Record`-vs-index-signature really relates to `types` and `interfaces`. Especially since `type Foo = Record<string, ...>` and `type Foo = { [i: string]: ... }` are _both `type`s_.

Even with the additional knowledge that `Record` is an alias for a mapped type, and index signatures may be specified on "object types" or on "interfaces", knowledge which I don't think we can assume on the user's part, I still genuinely don't follow. 

Can this mention just be removed? Or can sufficient context be provided in order to make its intended meaning clear?

Reviewer: If anything it feels like a caveat that was intended to be put in [`consistent-indexed-object-style`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/consistent-indexed-object-style), which currently does not have _any_ such caveat mentioning that Record and index signatures are not always identical???

Author: (oops sorry missed this) yeah good point. Agreed this belongs more in the other rule, wil add.

Author: #10876
